make vcv rack demos:
demo of anal logic
digital complex logic buildups
more






- anal flipflop is VCxover .*X*. worng.




- mytic circuits spectra downsampler can b built from our big filter plus s+h
- see mystic circuits for adda can bitcrushing etc.
- anal shiftreg therefore?
- VCmatrix mixer is therefore also many logics: multi i/o
		- 3x3? 4x4? no more.
- check 2xVCX manual.
interesting:
https://www.mysticcircuits.com/product/portal - see maual: uses lag to skew a normal wavefolder.


change to website:

digital loic		analogue logic
i	ii	iii	3xVCA		2xVCX



quickpatch guidesfor complex digital and the anal. logic constructions.




https://modwiggler.com/forum/viewtopic.php?t=240296

Re: Who is all geeked out on analog logic?
Post by KSS » Wed Nov 25, 2020 10:45 pm

Bachelard wrote: ↑Mon Nov 23, 2020 11:08 pm
Here! Love my min/max/sum/diff stuff. I don't have too much technical knowledge about it but generally like the idea of anything that can derive additional signals from simple existing ones.
Add comparators to your arsenal. They are excellent for doing what you wrote. And Mixers. VC Mixers too<--AKA VCAs.

Adding levels to digital* inputs and selecting from digital* outputs based on levels<--use mixers to create levels, or VCAs- brings a new dimension to the basics.

Plain logic is like 2D chess vs comparators and mixing giving you Spock's** 3D version.

*Many of the 'analog' logic modules you buy have a fixed input level and a fixed output level. The leaves them closer to digital than analog in actual result.
** The StarTrekTOS character, not the IJ module.





https://www.mysticcircuits.com/product/ana
Details
Ana is an analog logic utility that can perform a wide variety of functions. At its core Ana is a set of four diode logic circuits and signals derived from those circuits. However, Ana differs from other logic modules in that it can process variable analog signals and give a variable analog output instead of just binary on-off gates. Use Ana with one input and gain six outputs all related to that input, or feed Ana with two signals and get six cross-modulation processes. With two input controls which work as either attenuverters, offsets or static values Ana can process audio, sequences, modulation and even video in a huge variety of ways.

‍

ANA is a utility module comprising six functions that combine two inputs. These functions are:



MIN – compute the minimum of the two input voltages

MAX – compute the maximum of the two input voltages

XOR – compute the XOR, or multiplication the two input voltages

MAG – compute the difference between the two input voltages.

STEP – perform a track and hold based smooth/ stepped process from the two inputs

BOX – perform a bipolar comparator process resulting in a 3 level square wave.



The front panel controls are used to attenuvert or offset the input signals depending on how ANA is patched:



Patching a signal into either IN1 or IN2 will make the corresponding knob function as an attenuverter

Patching a signal into either SUM1 or SUM2 will make the corresponding knob function as an offset

Patching into both inputs will attenuvert the signal patched into either IN1 or IN2 and add the signal patched into either SUM1 or SUM2.

Leaving all inputs to a channel unpatched makes the corresponding knob a static offset.

The attenuverters are able to boost an incoming signal by a factor of 2.



ANA lends itself to a wide variety of functions, many of them performed simultaneously.  Here is a short list of them:



Process CV with gain and offset.

Multiply signals as a through-zero VCA with unique character.

Add harmonics by rectifying a signal.

Create pseudo random sequences.

Distort incoming signals under voltage control

Compute Boolean logic on gates or continuous voltages.

Extract Gates and sequences from modulation signals.



https://www.ericasynths.lv/shop/discontinued-products/pico-Alogic/

max/min/sum/dif